Ruler Of Rome, by Rachit Gupta

Page 1

753 BC, you (Romulus) and your brother Remus decided to find a new city. However, both of you could not decide on the location so you decided to let the Gods decide, and you consulted augury.
The augury has fixed to interpret the flight of birds to determine whether the place is auspicious to build a city or not.
Remus decided to place himself on the Aventine Hill.
You choose to…
Choice: Place yourself on the Caelian Hill. (Turn to page 2)
Or: Place yourself on the Palatine Hill. (Go to page 3)

Page 2

You began to study the birds in the sky from the Caelian Hill and noticed none of them. 
Remus reported that he witnessed six birds and since you encountered zero, ended up losing to him.
THE END.

Page 3

You began to study the birds in the sky from the Palatine Hill and noticed a dozen of them. 
Remus reported that he witnessed six birds and since you encountered more claimed thar your proposed site is the best. Your brother disagreed and claimed that he saw the birds first and hence received the approval from Gods.
After arguing for a while, you decided to settle the matter through a standoff and the winner will rule the city. (Turn to page 4)

Page 4

The standoff begins, Remus quickly charged towards you with his spear!
You choose to…
Choice: Attack! (Turn to page 5)
Or: Defend! (Go to page 8)

Page 5

You responded with an attack, but Remus’s momentum helped him to land a blow first, dealing a heavy blow, breaking your stance but leaving him open.
In that instant you choose to…
Choice: Recover your stance. (Turn to page 6)
Or: Attack him. (Go to page 7)

Page 6

You recovered your stance which Remus did not anticipate, you charged your spear through his chest marking your victory thus becoming the ruler and founder of the city now known as Rome.
THE END.

Page 7

You decided to grab the opportunity and charged your spear towards him. Remus anticipated your move, deflected your blow, and charged his spear through you. You died.
THE END.

Page 8

You blocked his attack in time which broke his stance and created an opening for you. You grabbed this opportunity, charged your spear through his chest marking your victory thus becoming the ruler and founder of the city now known as Rome.
THE END.
